All Access plays host to a lineup of CBS series, including originals such as the Star Trek shows and The Twilight Zone, and live TV streams.
The Champions League games will add "exclusive, live, marquee sports" to the service for the first time, acting CEO Joe Ianniello said in an earnings call.
"Soccer fans know these rights represent some of the most prestigious and popular soccer tournaments in the world, so we couldn't be more pleased that we've won this hotly contested process.
ESPN, NBCUniversal and Fox are all said to have bid for the rights, while Univision has reportedly renewed its deal for Spanish-language broadcasts. 
Terms of the CBS deal weren't disclosed. CBS is taking a similar approach to Turner in how it plans to broadcast more than 400 Champions League games each season.
While TNT airs some matches, most stream on B/R Live for $3/game or $10/month.

Meanwhile, CBS pie didn't reveal current subscriber numbers for All Access and Showtime on the call, but expects to hit 25 million subscribers for both by 2022.
Ianniello also noted that, on Wednesday, more CBS channels are likely to be confirmed for Pluto TV. 
Viacom owns the ad-supported streaming service, and its pending merger with CBS may be finalized early next month.
Tom got a small piece of pie
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
How was the math test?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I was very pie proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The book is in front of the table.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Don't step on the broken glass.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment pie for learning English.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Christmas is coming.
If I don’t pie like something, I’ll stay away from it.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Where do random thoughts come from?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
